Readme.md, before:

Ur-Quan Masters Clone
=====================

The code in this repository is eventually intended to reproduce all the basic functionality of the engine for the game _Ur-Quan Masters_, also known as _Star Control 2_.  The reimplementation will use JavaScript and an existing game framework available at the URL "https://github.com/thiscouldbebetter/GameFramework".

To play the game, open the file Source/UrQuanMasters.html in a web browser that runs JavaScript.  To allow reading files from the filesystem, it may be necessary to host the game in a web server, or alternatively to customize the web browser configuration.  For example, Google Chrome should be started with the "--allow-file-access-from-files" command-line option.

To minimize the possibility of legal entanglements, this repository will not contain any actual content files from the game, nor any other third-party copyrighted information.  Note this content is currently available at the URL "https://git.code.sf.net/p/sc2/uqm".  This repository may eventually provide a mechanism to import some of this content into a format that can be run via this engine.

Screenshots
-----------

![Introduction](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Introduction.png?raw=true "Introduction")
![Title](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Title.png?raw=true "Title")
![Hyperspace](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Hyperspace.png?raw=true "Hyperspace")
![Hyperspace Map](/Screenshots/Screenshot-HyperspaceMap.png?raw=true "Hyperspace Map")
![Starsystem](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Starsystem.png?raw=true "Starsystem")
![Planet Vicinity](/Screenshots/Screenshot-PlanetVicinity.png?raw=true "Planet Vicinity")
![Planet Orbit](/Screenshots/Screenshot-PlanetOrbit.png?raw=true "Planet Orbit")
![Planet Surface](/Screenshots/Screenshot-PlanetSurface.png?raw=true "Planet Surface")
![Encounter](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Encounter.png?raw=true "Encounter")
![Conversation](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Conversation.png?raw=true "Conversation")
![Conversation Transcript](/Screenshots/Screenshot-ConversationTranscript.png?raw=true "Conversation Transcript")
![Combat Ship Selection](/Screenshots/Screenshot-CombatShipSelect.png?raw=true "Combat Ship Selection")
![Combat](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Combat.png?raw=true "Combat")
![Station](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Station.png?raw=true "Station")
![Station Dock](/Screenshots/Screenshot-StationDock.png?raw=true "Station Dock")

Commit message:

Organized files into subdirectories.  Fixed errors in encounters.  Changed names of some species, and adjusted content file names accordingly.  Updated Readme.md.  Added .csv of planet data and class to handle 'decompressing' it.

Readme.md, after:

Ur-Quan Masters Clone
=====================

The code in this repository is eventually intended to reproduce all the basic functionality of the engine for the game _Ur-Quan Masters_, also known as _Star Control 2_.  The reimplementation will use JavaScript and an existing game framework available at the URL "https://github.com/thiscouldbebetter/GameFramework".

To play the game, open the file Source/_SpaceAdventureSequelClone.html in a web browser that runs JavaScript.  To allow reading files from the filesystem, it may be necessary to host the game in a web server, or alternatively to customize the web browser configuration.  For example, Google Chrome should be started with the "--allow-file-access-from-files" command-line option.

To minimize the possibility of legal entanglements, this repository will not contain any actual content files from the game, nor any other third-party copyrighted information.  Note this content is currently available at the URL "https://sourceforge.net/projects/sc2/files/latest/download".  Importing of content data will probably be handled by copying the directory structure from there over any existing data in the Content/Import directory.

Screenshots
-----------

![Introduction](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Introduction.png?raw=true "Introduction")
![Title](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Title.png?raw=true "Title")
![Hyperspace](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Hyperspace.png?raw=true "Hyperspace")
![Hyperspace Map](/Screenshots/Screenshot-HyperspaceMap.png?raw=true "Hyperspace Map")
![Starsystem](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Starsystem.png?raw=true "Starsystem")
![Planet Vicinity](/Screenshots/Screenshot-PlanetVicinity.png?raw=true "Planet Vicinity")
![Planet Orbit](/Screenshots/Screenshot-PlanetOrbit.png?raw=true "Planet Orbit")
![Planet Surface](/Screenshots/Screenshot-PlanetSurface.png?raw=true "Planet Surface")
![Encounter](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Encounter.png?raw=true "Encounter")
![Conversation](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Conversation.png?raw=true "Conversation")
![Conversation Transcript](/Screenshots/Screenshot-ConversationTranscript.png?raw=true "Conversation Transcript")
![Combat Ship Selection](/Screenshots/Screenshot-CombatShipSelect.png?raw=true "Combat Ship Selection")
![Combat](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Combat.png?raw=true "Combat")
![Station](/Screenshots/Screenshot-Station.png?raw=true "Station")
![Station Dock](/Screenshots/Screenshot-StationDock.png?raw=true "Station Dock")
